Always look on the bright side of life.
Brother Maynard! Bring out the Holy Hand Grenade!
Can Karl Marx bring something new into this game?
Hello, I'd like to have an argument.
He's not the Messiah - he's a very naughty boy.
A horse, a horse, my kingdom for a horse.
Snap snap, grin grin, wink wink, nudge nudge, say no more?
A scratch?! Your arm's off!
Look, you stupid bastard, you've got no arms left!
I am Arthur, King of the Britons.
Nobody expects the Spanish inquisition!
Hitchcock! Psycho! Arteries! Courtcase! Aaaaagh!
It's funny, isn't it? How your best friend can just blow up like that?
A spokesman for the parrots said he was very glad no parrots were involved.
Ah blow my nose at you, so-called Arthur Keeeng!
And then even the police began to sit up and take notice.
Ask me your questions, Bridgekeeper. I am not afraid!
Dinsdale, He was a nice boy. He nailed my head to a coffee table.
Doug and Bob are metropolitan policemen with a difference.
Every day our father would kill us, and dance about on our graves.
First, shalt thou take out the holy pin.
Good morning, Sir. Welcome to the National Cheese Emporium!
Hooray for your one-eyed trouser snake.
I know a dead parrot when I see one, and I'm looking at one right now.
I sentence you to be hung by the neck until you cheer up.
I think it's a bit runnier than you'll like it, sir.
I think she's dead.
MY BRAIN HURTS.
NONE SHALL PASS.
RUN AWAY! RUN AWAY!!
STOP! DON'T SAY THE BABY'S NAME!
I told 'em we've already got one!
I'm having spam, spam, chips and spam.
I'm sorry I had to bring the goat - he's not at all well.
If I said you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
If we took the bones out, it wouldn't be crunchy, would it?
It all started with a seaside summarising Proust competition when I was six.
Oh, that's an unladen swallow's flight, obviously.
Pedestrians are still being threatened by vicious gangs of keep-left signs.
Penguins don't come from NEXT DOOR! They come from the Antarctic!
Rene Descartes was a drunken fart: I drink, therefore I am.
Ring Kichard... but surely that's a Spoonerism, not an anagram?
She turned me into a newt!
THIS IS AN EX-PARROT!!
The pet-shop man's brother was lying!
The point is taken, the beast is moulting, the fluff gets up your nose.
We are no longer the knights who say ni!